finish advanced dataloader tutorial (#251)
Oneflow-Inc/libai: docs/source/tutorials/advanced_tutorials/customize_dataloader.md

# How to Customize Dataloader

> Dataloader is the component that provides data to models. A dataloader usually (but not necessarily) takes raw information from [datasets](), and process them into a format needed by the model.

Reviewer: and ~process~ processes them into a format needed by the model

> Dataloader is the component that provides data to models. A dataloader usually (but not necessarily) takes raw information from [datasets](), and process them into a format needed by the model.

Reviewer 2: process -> processes

> Dataloader is the component that provides data to models. A dataloader usually (but not necessarily) takes raw information from [datasets](), and process them into a format needed by the model.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Dataloader is the component that provides data to models. Dataloader usually (but not necessarily) takes raw information from [datasets](), and process them into the format needed by the model.
```
感觉这样好些

> Dataloader is the component that provides data to models. Dataloader usually (but not necessarily) takes raw information from [datasets](), and processes them into the format needed by the model.

Reviewer 4: 这datasets是忘了贴链接么

Author: 这里是想放程鹏写的那个 dataset tutorial 的链接，他那个 pr 还没合并

Reviewer 3: 是不是要改为[Write Dataloader]()，我木有别的问题了~

> ## How the Existing Dataloader works 

Reviewer: ~w~Works，是要首字母大写吗？

> LiBai contains a builtin data loading pipeline. It's good to understand how it works, in case you need to write a custom one.

Reviewer 2: builtin -> built-in
good 或许可以替换成 beneficial ?

> LiBai provides some functions [build_{image,nlp}_{train,test}_loader](https://libai.readthedocs.io/en/latest/modules/libai.data.html#libai.data.build.build_nlp_train_loader) that create a default data loader from a given config. Here is how `build_{image,nlp}_{train,test}_loader` work:

Reviewer 5: a default data loader -> a default dataloader 好点吗

> 1. It instantiates the `list[flow.utils.Dataset]` (e.g., `BertDataset`) by loading a some dataset items with lightweight format. These dataset items are not yet ready to be used by the model (e.g., images are not loaded into memory, random augmentation have not been applied, etc.). 

Reviewer 2: 删去 a

> 1. It instantiates the `list[flow.utils.Dataset]` (e.g., `BertDataset`) by loading a some dataset items with lightweight format. These dataset items are not yet ready to be used by the model (e.g., images are not loaded into memory, random augmentation have not been applied, etc.). 

Reviewer: loading ~a~ some dataset items

这里应该没有 a

> 2. The output format of dataset (`__getitem__(...)`) must be a dict whose keys must be consistent with consumer of the dataloader (usually the `model.forward(...)`). The role of the process is to transform the lightweight representation of a dataset item into a format that is ready for the model to consume (including, e.g., read images, perform random data augmentation and convert to oneflow Tensors). If you would like to perform custom transformations to data, you often want to rewrite it. Details about the dataset format can be found in [datasets]().

Reviewer 5: (usually the `model.forward(...)`) -> (usually consistent with the parameter name of `model.forward(...)`) 会清晰点吗

Author: 这里括号是指 consumer of the dataloader，所以是 `model.forward`，我在前面加上 argument names 来表达你说的这个意思。

Reviewer 5: 好滴

3. The outputs of the dataset are simply batched with the following function.

```python
def trivial_batch_collator(batch):
    assert isinstance(batch[0], Instance), "batch[0] must be `instance` for trivial batch collator"
    batch = Instance.stack(batch)
    return batch
```

4. This batched data is the output of the dataloader. Typically, it's also the input of `get_batch`. After `get_batch(...)`, it becomes the input of `model.forward()`. `get_batch` simply changes the local tensors to global tensors with the given `sbp` and `placement` meta information.

```python
@classmethod
def get_batch(cls, data, mixup_func = None):
    ...
    ret_dict = {}
    for key, value in data.get_fields().items():
        value.to_global()
        ret_dict[key] = value.tensor
    return ret_dict
```

## Use Custom Dataloader

> If you use `DefaultTrainer`, you can overwrite its `build_train_loader` method to use your own dataloader which can be implemented with any tools you like. But you need to handle data read of different ranks under different parallelisms properly.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you use `DefaultTrainer`, you can overwrite its `build_train_loader` method to use your own dataloader which can be implemented with any tools you like. But you need to make sure that each rank is reading the data correctly under different parallelism circumstances.
```

Then you need to overwrite `get_batch` method. `data` argument in `get_batch` is the output of your dataloader. You need to change the local tensors to global tensors manually, which means you should set the `sbp` and `placement` correctly.

> Here is an example. Process of rank0 gets all data and redistributes them into different ranks.

Reviewer 2: different 或许可以换成 other

Reviewer 5: Use a Custom Dataloader 可以去掉a

```python
@classmethod
def get_batch(cls, data, mixup_func=None):
    if data is None: 
        # not rank0, set placeholders for data
        imgs = flow.empty(16, 3, 224, 224, dtype=flow.float32)
        labels = flow.empty(16, dtype=flow.int64)
    else: 
        # rank0

>         imgs, labels = data

Reviewer 6: 我觉得在这里可以交代一下,  rank0上的数据 和其他rank上的数据.  shape 和 dtype必须一致
